## **Getting ready**

1. **Read the [instructions](https://bluegravity.notion.site/Programmer-Interview-54d0673473414d42b6a6ca7e5d90d5a9)** over and over again. Also decided I'll be writing this proccess from the beginning as I work on it to make sure I don't miss anything.
2. **Initialize empty repo** - Create the 'dev' branch. On personal projects I tend to use the main branch only to store the release versions of the app. The .gitignore should be the first commit, since sending the Unity Project before the .gitignore can make some folders to be stored in the repo forever when they're actually disposable or created locally. I usually just get my own custom .gitignore file from past projects. I'm aware there are a ton of git flow patterns I could use for branch organization and commits but it would just overkill the needs of this project - and would require more time - so I'm keeping it simple.
4. **Add empty Unity project** to the repo (version 2021.3.2f1 as required) - already removing/disabling from the default/built-in configs and packages that won't be used
5. **Read the [instructions](https://bluegravity.notion.site/Programmer-Interview-54d0673473414d42b6a6ca7e5d90d5a9) again** to make sure I'm not missing anything
6. **Decide the priority of every feature** - this is the most important part, actually, since the time is limited. I'll be working on the following features, in this specific order: character, movement, clothes management, shop (buying/selling), interface
7. **Deciding art assets** that I'll use for this task (clothes, movement animations etc). It'll be better to work with the final art from the beginning instead of having to spend more time replacing the assets. Looked into the LSW art on it's [**Steam page**](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1429880/Little_Sim_World/) and [**website**](https://littlesim.world/) and also checked the [**Little Sim World Art**](https://ronnelinfante.com/p/ronnin/026e2942) and [**Little Sim World UI**](https://ronnelinfante.com/p/ronnin/024a079c) articles by [**ronnelinfante**](https://ronnelinfante.com/) to get an idea of how it currently looks in-game. I thought about using free demo art packs by either [**Shubibubi**](https://shubibubi.itch.io/) or [**Seliel the Shaper**](https://seliel-the-shaper.itch.io/) since their free art packs had a wider variety of assets, **BUT**, instead... Since the goal is to mimic LSW, I thought I could use...Hear me out... **the actual LSW art assets**! 😏 Why not? 😁 For that, I've downloaded LSW v0.31z04 (pre-alpha) from [**this non-suspicious 100% safe website**](https://kemono.party/patreon/user/2983655/post/56552647) and then used [**AssetStudio**](https://github.com/Perfare/AssetStudio) to scrape the art assets. PS: Don't hate me guys! It's only for this specific task, I swear.

## **Development**
1. **Create character** - I always take capsule as a reference for the size of the characters and realized the art assets default size might be too big for it, so I'm scaling it all down - using the pixels per unit import settings. I couldn't scrape the animations (sadly). Since I'll have to get the chars animated I decided to remove the limbs, so that's easier and faster to move on with. I've also created the character with all the possible clothes so I can just replace them soon. For serialization purposes is always preferable to mess with Prefabs instead than Scenes themselves (just check any Prefab vs Scene changes commits to understand why), so I'll try to use prefabs the most as I can. I'd also add Cinemachine here, so the camera follows the player smoothly. Let's see if I have enough time.
2. **Input** I've added the new input system to the project. The Input Reader gameobject has the InputReader.cs (singleton) that other scripts can subscribe to and listen for the input events.
3. **Movement** I've added the new input system to the project. For the movement I've decided to use Rigibody and to set the velocity directly, (at least for now) so I can move on quicker to the other parts of the task. By the way, leaving some comments here cause I might get back to this soon.
Got the walk animation done (super easy). I've also decided I'll use composition for basically every mechanic I'll be working on, so I've created the Movement and Animation components that work together with the main Character 'pawn' (base) class. Locally (in the same object) the Components communicate through interfaces. Other GOs can communicate using the public delegates, fields, methods, etc. This will be one of the components that autofill on the base class (Character, in this case)
4. **Clothes management** - created the Clothing script. By the way, Odin would SUPER helpful here. Like, all the attributes such as Sprite preview, read only, etc. The RPG editor itself!...Anyways. It'd be better to create a Dictionary of items (preferably with strings as keys) BUT that's not Inspector serializable as we all know (thanks Unity!), so Imma make it a list and then convert it runtime.
5. **Shop (buying/selling)** I'll try to create not only a clothes shop necessarilty but a shop that can, in theory, sell anything. I'll start by creting the reusable IInteractable interface since the Character can interfact with a  ton of different things in game. Also, ideally, this would all be in different assemblies/namespace, and all documented, but, again, this would take me more time so I'm just skipping it. I've worked the change outfit (equipping) methods on the CharacterView and the Shop functions to show the UI. I  have the Currency holder and the equip methods so I'mma go stragiht to UI to combine them both.
6. **Interface**  I'm creating the UI as similar as it can be to the original wardrobe UI in the alpha version. By now I don't think I have much time left so maybe I can create a mockup for the UI shop and just do the functioning buttons on another UI. I'll create nested canvases [**as recommended by Unity itself**](https://youtu.be/_wxitgdx-UI?t=1664). I also usually pay much attention to raycasters and layour (pivots etc). I do believe it'll all be a whole mockup but I'll still try to make it optimal avoiding the evil layout groups and just calculating the rect values manually. Basically, like, if I got a 3x2 grid I'll just get the full size pixels that I can fill with and calculate the cell sizes and spacing - spoiler: it's also useful to just use the LayoutGroups to let it quickly calculate all those rect values for you on the editor and just removing the component right after :D. Also, under normal conditions, I use the ABSOLUTELY LOVELY UI Extensions (available on the [**AssetStore**](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/ui-extensions-175295) but also on [**GitHub**](https://github.com/Unity-UI-Extensions/com.unity.uiextensions)).